[Music]
an output in video editing is the final
version of your project after rendering
rendering converts your edit into a
sharable format with specific settings
like resolution aspect ratio and quality
choosing the right output ensures your
video looks its best on different
platforms like Instagram YouTube or a 4K
TV for example in this software we've
set up three different outputs
916 a vertical format commonly used for
Instagram stories or Tik Tok 4 to 5 a
slightly taller than wide video often
used for Instagram or Facebook posts and
4K a very highresolution format used for
Ultra HD displays now let's set up a 4K
output together first give your output a
name we'll call this one 4K Ultra
HD next select a preset presets are
predefined groups of settings
we'll choose custom to adjust the
settings manually now we'll set the
aspect ratio which determines the shape
of your video common aspect ratios
include 9 to 16 for vertical videos 4 to
5 for slightly taller than wide videos
and 16 to9 for standard widescreen
videos for 4K we'll enter a custom
aspect ratio of 3840 by
2160 if you'd like to customize the as
spe ratio you can also press the lock
icon next to the
width the last step is to set the bit
rate which affects video quality a
higher bit rate results in better
quality but also larger file sizes we'll
set the bit rate to 20 megabits per
second once you've set up your output it
will be available when you click render
this is how you set up a 4K output next
I'll show you how to set up outputs for
916 and 45 the biggest difference
between setting up the 4K and setting up
9116 and 45 outputs is the aspect ratio
and video bit rate for the 916 output
instead of entering a custom aspect
ratio you simply select 916 portrait
then set the bit rate to 6 megabits per
second or whatever you prefer setting up
the 4 to five output is similar choose 4
to5 social media portrait for the aspect
ratio and set the bit rate to what works
for you
[Music]